[Docs] - AdvancedTable column pinning (#3109)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/advanced-table/partials/specifications/sticky-column.md

- Instances of the Advanced Table with nested rows, expandable rows, and `colSpan` or `rowSpan` do not support a sticky column because what classifies as the first column is variable depending on these properties.
- Setting the first column as sticky in a table with multi-selection will couple the multi-select column and the first column of data together.

> If `hasStickyFirstColumn` is set to true in the Ember component, a function will be exposed in the context menu allowing users to "Pin" and "Unpin" the first column in the Advanced Table.

Author: ```suggestion
If `hasStickyFirstColumn` is set to true or false in the Ember component, a control will be exposed in the context menu allowing users to "Pin" and "Unpin" the first column in the Advanced Table.
```
[Suggestion] The context menu item is present if `hasStickyFirstColumn` is set to `true` or `false` and only not shown when `hasSticktFirstColumn` is `undefined`. Also elsewhere we refer to the context menu items as "controls".
